Fast forward about 20 years, and it's fair to say he has done just that. The business he runs, Frasers Hospitality, is one of the world's biggest providers of high-end serviced apartments. Its 148 properties span about 80 capital cities, as well as financial hubs across Europe, Asia, the Middle East and Africa. But it almost didn't get off the ground. When Mr Choe was appointed to launch and lead the company, Asia was booming; the tiger economies of Hong Kong, South Korea, Taiwan and Singapore were expanding rapidly. But as Frasers prepared to open its first two properties in Singapore, the Asian financial crisis hit. It was 1997. Currencies went into freefall. Suddenly, people were losing their jobs and stopped travelling. Mr Choe recalls asking staff if they really wanted to continue working with the firm, because when the properties opened they might not get paid. "It was really that serious," he says. "I remember tearing up because they said 'let's open it, let's open it whether you can pay us or not'." Survival, Mr Choe admits, came through a bit of luck, and the misfortune of others. He had convinced the board at parent firm, property group Frasers Centrepoint, to open serviced apartments rather than hotels - partly because getting planning permission in Singapore was easier. But he also sensed it was a big, untapped market. And at the time of the crisis, it proved to be exactly what customers wanted. "As we were going through this difficult patch, there were protests and riots in Jakarta," he says. "A lot of companies like Microsoft called up looking for rooms for their staff because they were moving out of Jakarta." Frasers' 412 apartments were quickly in demand. Occupancy soon hit 70%, and then 90%. Explaining the popularity of serviced apartments, Mr Choe says that if people are staying somewhere for just a few days, they happily stay in hotels, but if they are going to be somewhere for one month to eight months, the walls of hotel rooms "close in on you." But now, Mr Choe, 57, faces new challenges - the travel tastes of millennials and the disruptive nature of Airbnb. "The way to tackle Airbnb is not to ignore it. I will never underestimate Airbnb," he says. There's been no significant impact on Frasers yet. Big corporations still prefer to put employees in big service apartments, he says, because they can guarantee a level of safety and security. But that is likely to change, Mr Choe admits. "I have two daughters who to my chagrin use Airbnb," he says. "We took a family trip to Florence and I stayed in this wonderful boutique hotel, but paid a bundle for it. "When my daughter joined us, she said, 'I'm just staying next door and paying about 80 euros'. We paid about 330 euros. "I asked why they stayed at Airbnb. They say 'it's like a surprise, it's part of the adventure'." And so now, Mr Choe wants to bring some of that vibrancy to Frasers. While neutral colours, beige curtains and dark wooden chairs dominate its more traditional apartments, many customers want something different, and this is shaping Fraser's strategy. In 2015 it bought Malmaison Hotel du Vin, a UK hotel group that specialises in developing heritage properties into upscale boutique hotels. That has taken them beyond financial centres, including to Shakespeare's hometown of Stratford-upon-Avon. Or, an intrepid traveller with $500 (Â£325) to spend could have a night in a converted medieval prison in Oxford. And Frasers has launched the Capri sub-brand - whose website promises "inspiring art and inspirational tech." On a day-to-day basis Mr Choe says he still draws on his experience as a young man, who - having been given a scholarship by the Shangri-La hotel group to study at Cornell University in the US - came back to Asia to learn about the hospitality industry. "They put me in every department conceivable. I remember one of the toughest jobs I had was in the butchery. I had to carve an entire cow. For one month, I could not eat meat. "I'm thankful for those experiences. When you step into a hotel, you immediately pick up what works and what doesn't work. "When I see the check-in staff walking more than three steps, I know the counter is set up wrong. "It's like a cockpit. Can you imagine if the pilot had to turn around when he flies?" More The Boss features, which every week profile a different business leader from around the world: The 'diva of divorce' for the world's super rich The snacks boss with an appetite for success Taking his own path: The world's leading maze designer Mr Choe adds that loyalty is very important to him, and he remains tremendously grateful to staff who have stayed with him. "I will always respect and remember those who gave up their jobs to join me," he says. This loyalty is something that Mr Choe has earned, according to Donald MacLaurin, associate professor at Singapore Institute of Technology, and specialist in the hospitality sector. Mr MacLaurin points out that Mr Choe introduced a five-day working week, in a part of the world where six days is common, thereby showing "a focus on quality of life issues for employees." The associate professor adds says the early success of the business was remarkable given the timing of its launch. Fast forward to today and the company is now on track to operate 30,000 serviced apartments globally by 2019. That success, say Mr Choe's admirers, should make him something of a visionary. Follow The Boss series editor Will Smale on Twitter.
"The accident meant the motorway was closed, making travel to Mourneview Park impossible for the team and fans travelling from Belfast," said the Irish Football Association. A new date for the match has yet to be confirmed by Uefa. Northern Ireland have three points from their first two Group Six qualifiers.
The Sunday Times says the missile veered off course during a test in June last year - weeks before the Commons voted to spend £40bn renewing Trident. Questioned by Andrew Marr, the PM refused to say four times if she had known about the test ahead of the vote. The SNP's Nicola Sturgeon called for a "full disclosure" of what happened. According to the Sunday Times, an unarmed Trident II D5 missile veered off in the wrong direction towards the US - instead of towards Africa - when it was launched from a British submarine off the coast of Florida. In July - days after Mrs May had become prime minister - MPs voted overwhelmingly in favour of replacing Trident. During the debate, Mrs May told MPs it would be "an act of gross irresponsibility" for the UK to abandon its nuclear weapons. MPs backed its renewal by 472 votes to 117. However, all 52 SNP MPs voted against it - as did Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. When asked on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show whether she had known then that a misfire had happened, Mrs May said: "I have absolute faith in our Trident missiles. "When I made that speech in the House of Commons, what we were talking about was whether or not we should renew our Trident." She was asked a further three times - but did not answer the questions. The Ministry of Defence did not give details of the test process but said it had been a success. Scottish First Minister, Mrs Sturgeon - a long-standing opponent of Trident, whose submarines are based at Faslane, on the River Clyde - said the apparent misfire was a "hugely serious issue." She tweeted: "There should be full disclosure of what happened, who knew what/when, and why the House of Commons wasn't told." Meanwhile, Mr Corbyn said the reports called for "a serious discussion." He told Sky News: "It's a pretty catastrophic error when a missile goes in the wrong direction, and while it wasn't armed, goodness knows what the consequences of that could have been." Nia Griffith, the shadow defence secretary, said it was "completely unacceptable" that Mrs May had "side-stepped" questions. She called for the prime minister to give "a full explanation" to Parliament on Monday. Admiral Lord West, the Labour peer and ex-Royal Navy officer, said it was "bizarre and stupid" to not tell anyone about the test. The Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) described reports of a misfire as a "very serious failure." "There's absolutely no doubt that this would have impacted on the debate in Parliament on Trident replacement," its general secretary Kate Hudson said. A statement issued by both Downing Street and the MoD said the capability and effectiveness of Trident was "unquestionable." "In June the Royal Navy conducted a routine, unarmed Trident missile test launch from HMS Vengeance, as part of an operation which is designed to certify the submarine and its crew. "Vengeance and her crew were successfully tested and certified, allowing Vengeance to return into service. We have absolute confidence in our independent nuclear deterrent." The Sunday Times says the test fire was launched from HMS Vengeance. It says the Trident II D5 missile was intended to be fired 5,600 miles (9,012 km) to a sea target off the west coast of Africa but veered towards the US. The cause remains top secret, the paper says, but it quotes a senior naval source as saying the missile suffered an in-flight malfunction after launching out of the water. HMS Vengeance, one of the UK's four Vanguard-class submarines, returned to sea for trials in December 2015 after a £350m refit, which included the installation of new missile launch equipment and upgraded computer systems. According to the Sunday Times, it is expected that Defence Secretary Michael Fallon will be called to the Commons to answer questions from MPs. BBC defence correspondent Jonathan Beale said while the MoD has described the test as a success for the crew and the boat, it has not denied the report that the missile itself might have veered off course. In the past the MoD has issued a press release and video of successful tests but its silence on this occasion has raised questions as to whether any fault was deliberately kept quiet ahead of the key vote, our correspondent added. The Trident system was acquired by the Thatcher government in the early 1980s as a replacement for the Polaris missile system, which the UK had possessed since the 1960s. Trident came into use in the 1990s. There are three parts to it - submarines, missiles and warheads. Although each component has years of use left, they cannot last indefinitely. The current generation of four submarines would begin to end their working lives some time in the late 2020s. A guide to the Trident debate
A spokesman for Palm Beach Gardens police in Florida confirmed to the BBC they were investigating a fatal crash involving the Grand Slam champion. A man was taken to hospital after the accident on 9 June and died two weeks later from his injuries, he said. According to TMZ, which broke the story, police believe the seven-time Grand Slam champion was at fault. But a lawyer for Williams said it was an "unfortunate accident." The man who died, Jerome Barson, was travelling with his wife who was driving their vehicle through an intersection when the accident happened. Williams' car suddenly darted into their path and was unable to clear the junction in time due to traffic jams, according to witness statements in a police report obtained by US media. Mrs Barson was also taken to hospital but survived. "[Williams] is at fault for violating the right of way of [the other driver]," the report said, adding that there were no other factors like drugs, alcohol or mobile phone distractions. The 37-year-old tennis star reportedly told police she did not see the couple's car and she was driving slowly. Police spokesman Major Paul Rogers said police were investigating whether the incident was connected to Mr Barson's death. Williams' lawyer Malcolm Cunningham told CNN in a statement: "Ms Williams entered the intersection on a green light. The police report estimates that Ms Williams was travelling at 5mph when Mrs Barson crashed into her. "Authorities did not issue Ms Williams with any citations or traffic violations. This is an unfortunate accident and Venus expresses her deepest condolences to the family who lost a loved one." Next week, Williams is due to play at Wimbledon in London, where she is seeded 10th.
The International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea did, however, allow Ghana to continue developing current oilfields. These include the so called-Ten fields, part owned by UK firm Tullow Oil. Ivory Coast had asked that all drilling be suspended, but the tribunal ruled this would risk "considerable financial loss" to Ghana. Instead, it told the West African nation to "take all necessary steps to ensure than no new drilling either by Ghana or under its control takes place in the disputed area" and to "refrain from granting any new permit for oil exploration and exploitation in the disputed area." The area is believed to contain large reserves of oil, which both countries are keen to exploit. Pending a ruling on the precise maritime border, the tribunal told both countries to "pursue co-operation and refrain from any unilateral action that might lead to aggravating the dispute." The ruling was welcomed by Tullow Oil, which owns a large stake in the near $5bn (Â£3.3bn) Ten project, which could reportedly produce up to 80,000 barrels a day. "Following this ruling, the Ten project can move ahead and we will now await instructions from the government of Ghana with regard to implementing those provisional measures that have been ordered by [the tribunal]," a Tullow spokesman said.
The public car park is just off the Upper Newtownards Road, one of the main routes into the city. Thousands of wooden pallets are now piled up where previously there were parked cars. The bonfire makers are involved in a dispute with the city council over the storing of pallets. They say the council collected pallets from the area earlier this year, agreed to store them and return them this month but failed to do so. Bonfire builder Macauley McKinney, 21, said: "We had an agreement with the council that they were going to store the pallets in a safe place, and now because the agreement was broken, they've let us down." Belfast City Council is not commenting in detail on the issue, as an investigation has been called into the storing of pallets. A spokesperson said: "It was agreed at a meeting of Belfast City Council's Strategic Policy and Resources Committee on Friday that an investigation and full review, led by the chief executive with independent input, would be carried out into the issue of collection and storage of bonfire material, and the future approach of bonfires across the city." The committee's decision needs to be approved at a full council meeting next week. Traditionally, bonfires are lit in many loyalist areas of Northern Ireland on the "eleventh night" - the eve of the Twelfth of July, an annual celebration to mark William of Orange's victory over King James II at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690.
Reports on Wednesday suggested more than one iguana was actually filmed, with scenes then stitched together. But the BBC has said only one animal was chased by the snakes - with other iguanas only filmed for close-ups. The scene quickly went viral when it was aired last year and later won a Bafta for must-see moment. The iguana hatchling, filmed in the Galapagos, eventually got away - much to viewers' relief. The Daily Mail claimed the episode was embroiled in a "fakery row" after producer Elizabeth White told the Media Production Show: "It wasn't the same iguana, no, and often we have to augment it with other clips. "Unfortunately lizards, snakes and iguanas aren't good at 'takes'." But the BBC defended the Sir David Attenborough-fronted programme, with a spokeswoman saying: "The BBC strongly refutes any suggestion that the award-winning iguana v snakes sequence was 'faked'. "The final iguana chase in which one iguana escapes the snakes was - unusually for natural history filming - shot using two cameras, allowing us to follow both the individual iguana and the snakes' point of view. "What was captured in the field was extraordinary animal behaviour which had never been witnessed or filmed before." She added: "As is common in natural history film-making, pick-up shots were filmed separately - for example close-ups of iguana eyes - to make the story of the sequence as clear as possible for the audience. "This is absolutely in keeping with the norms of natural history film-making - and absolutely in line with the BBC's editorial policy guidelines, and was a true representation of animal behaviour." Other BBC nature documentaries have previously been accused of faking footage. Frozen Planet, also fronted by Sir David, showed footage of newborn polar bear cubs in a den with their mother in 2011 - but it was filmed in an animal park, rather than in the wild. The BBC denied misleading viewers, with Sir David saying it would have spoiled the atmosphere to point out where the filming had taken place adding: "It's not a falsehood and we don't keep it secret either." And then there was the Blue Planet footage shot in a lobster tank - but the BBC said this was done to protect the environment. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Margaret Aspinall and Trevor Hicks campaigned for more than 20 years to secure fresh inquests into the deaths of 96 people in the disaster. Mr Hicks' daughters Sarah, 19, and Victoria, 15, and Mrs Aspinall's son James, 18, were among those who died at the FA Cup semi-final in April 1989. Mrs Aspinall, chair of the Hillsborough Family Support Group, said she would accept it on behalf of the families. A jury is currently hearing the new inquests in Warrington before coroner Lord Justice Goldring. Mrs Aspinall said: "It's not just about Trevor Hicks and Margaret Aspinall, it's about everybody involved in this. It's all about the people who stood by us. "From the beginning, when you are fighting against everything, nearly 26 years ago, you had this stigma against you all the time, fighting against that, I feel we have turned it all around now and the stigma is going away. "People are seeing now, the real people, what the genuine people are like, and the people who stood by the families and stayed with them all these years, so it's for them as well." Mr Hicks, president of the Hillsborough Family Support Group, said: "On a personal level, obviously I'm very flattered. I know it's a bit cheesy but I'm also a bit humbled as well. "It's not just for me. As it says in the citation, it's for services to the bereaved families. "It's been a hard slog. We've been accused many times of being vindictive - and lots worse than that. But we've always tried, as a family support group, to play fair." Fellow campaigner Anne Williams, who died in April 2013, was honoured with the Helen Rollason Award at the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Ceremony in 2013. Ms Williams, 60, fought for a new inquest into her son Kevin's death. Two investigations are being carried out into the aftermath of the disaster - one led by police and one headed by the Independent Police Complaints Commission. Other Merseyside & Cheshire honours include: CBE OBE MBE
"Fracking" involves pumping water and chemicals into shale rock at pressure. The joint report from the Royal Society and Royal Academy of Engineering say the technique is safe if firms follow best practice and rules are enforced. Exploratory fracking is being mooted in at least seven sites around the UK. The report was commissioned by the government's chief scientist, Sir John Beddington, following the decision last year to halt the UK's most advanced project, in Lancashire, after fracking caused small earth tremors. "Our main conclusions are that the environmental risks of hydraulic fracturing for shale can can be safely managed provided there is best practice observed and provided it's enforced through strong regulation," said the report's chair, Prof Robert Mair from Cambridge University. "The UK regulatory system is up to the job for the present very small scale exploration activities, but there would need to be strengthening of the regulators if the government decides to proceed with more shale gas extraction, particularly at the production stage," he told BBC News. The report contains 10 top-line recommendations for strengthening regulations, including: Fracking, or hydraulic fracturing, involves drilling down into shale formations and fracturing the rock using explosives or hydraulic pressure. Water is pumped in containing sand particles that prop open the cracks in the shale, allowing the gas out, and a tiny amount of chemicals. In the US, concerns have been raised that the gas or the chemicals can enter drinking water supplies. However, the report concludes that gas contamination should not be a problem - the risk is "very low" - provided that fracking takes place at a depth of many hundreds of metres, a long way below the level of aquifers, and that the wells are properly constructed. Each well is lined with layers of steel and cement; and if this stays intact, the scientists conclude, gas leakage should not be a problem. They also say that with good management of waste water, chemical contamination should be avoided; they criticise the US practice of leaving it in open ponds, which would not be permitted in the UK. The report says the risk that fracking will generate significant seismic events is also small. The actual explosions are far too small to be noticed at the surface, said Prof Zoe Shipton from the University of Strathclyde. "If the fluid moves into existing faults in the rock that are close to slipping anyway, you'll bring that slippage forward in time," she said. "But the Magnitude 2.3 event in Blackpool last year - that is like a lorry going past your house - in fact the British Geological Survey can't measure below Magnitude 2 in towns because of the traffic." The European industry is in its infancy compared with the US, and governments' views on the technology are mixed. Fracking has been banned in France, but countries such as Poland are taking a strong interest. UK ministers see shale gas as a way of cheaply bridging the transition to a low-carbon fuel mix, despite calculations showing that widespread adoption without carbon capture and storage (CCS) technology would mean future UK governments missing their legally-binding greenhouse gas emission reduction targets. Prof Mair said climate impacts were outside his remit, but a detailed look at the issue should happen at some stage. "The Royal Society and Royal Academy of Engineering believe this is an issue that needs to be addressed," he said. "It's a very wide issue - energy policy, CO2 reduction, all of that needs to be looked at - and gas in general is part of that." Follow Richard on Twitter
Alongside the likes of Little Simz and Lady Leshurr, she's part of a groundswell of female voices in the male-dominated world of UK hip-hop and grime. Two years ago, the 23-year-old was studying for a degree while working 12-hour shifts in a betting shop to make ends meet. She would scribble down lyrics in her spare time as her male contemporaries - Section Boyz, Bonkaz and her cousin Stormzy - were starting to break through. Realising the job was holding her back, she packed it in and started to make her name with her savage, witty lyrics and sense of fun. Her breakthrough video, Station, was shot, without permission, at a local railway station, with Nadia dancing nonchalantly on the tracks as a train pulled in. More recently, the colourful, funky single Skwod saw the rapper take over the streets of London with a girl gang, complete with body-popping Beyonce choreography and all. She spoke to the BBC about her upbringing in Croydon, the rappers she looks up to, and why she read the dictionary as a child. For people who haven't heard you, describe what they're missing. My sound is just really bassy, hard-hitting, dancehall, hip-hop infused fun. I call it magic. And funny, too. Your lyrics have proper punchlines. Yeah, quite a few! Do you work hard on them? It varies, depending on what it is I'm creating. A lot of the time I don't even write the bars. It's all in my head, really. Apparently you used to read the dictionary as a child? That is true, yeah! What's your favourite word? Antidisestablishmentarianism. It's one of the longest words in the English language. Have you ever tried to get it into a song? I've been asked and I'm definitely working on it! It might not fit on a single cover, but it could definitely fit in a lyric. What triggered your interest in words? It was learning about synonyms that did it for me. I was like, "Wow, you can use another word to mean the same thing as this word?" It just went crazy from there. When did you first perform in public? Ooh... The first time I performed in public? To be fair, growing up I was always performing. It didn't have to be on a stage. It could be a family event and I would just make it about me, somehow. I would perform anywhere. Going up in a lift, on the side of a road, wherever. One of your teachers said you were the most entertaining pupil she ever had. Yeah, that was touching... And actually, I do agree. There's a fine line between "entertaining" and "troublemaker." How often did you end up on the wrong side? Ha ha! Some days it did tip over into what some teachers would call "disruptive." But I thought it was creative. What did you study at university? Music and music management. It was very helpful when signing my deal - because there were things I definitely wouldn't have had a clue about prior to taking that course. At the same time as studying, you were working at a betting shop and making music in your spare time. Did you get any sleep? Nah, barely. All my free time was up in the studio. I just had a feeling I was giving music my spare time, rather than my time. It got to a point where it felt very weird and I thought, "This is all the wrong way round. I'm getting too comfortable at work and keeping music as a little side thing." I needed to give it my all to actually get the results that I wanted. Your dad was an MC too. How instrumental was he in your musical education? He played a huge part in all of this. He had quite an eclectic music taste, but there was loads of Sizzla, Buju Banton, a lot of the old-school reggae guys. That's where that part of my musical personality comes from. Who were the MCs you listened to growing up? In terms of MCs and rappers, it was definitely a lot of the hip-hop legends, like Busta, Eminem, Missy, Lil Kim. But I wasn't just inspired by MCs. I was a huge Spice Girls fan, too. Which one were you? They called me Wavey Spice! [Wavey is London slang for cool/good.] There weren't many female MCs in the UK to look up to. Well, there was Ms Dynamite. Seeing what she was able to achieve was inspiring. How do you feel about the current wave of female MCs? It's a good time and hopefully it'll continue to build. Why do you think it's happening now? Probably me! I bringing them with me! I saw a freestyle you recorded for SB:TV where you said you'd been told to "get naked and wear thongs" to sell records. Was that based on real experience? It's from personal experience as well as people that have told me stories. As women in this male-dominated field, we've all been approached with something along those lines at one point. It happens, but we have to be able to overcome it. I need to ask about the video to Station... I was worried you might die on the train tracks. A few people were, including my mum. How dangerous was it? It was literally by chance that we survived. There was no real planning. We didn't even get permission. Recently I found out we got the train times wrong. The train that would have been coming on the other side was actually due at the time we got off the tracks... We thought we had a good five minutes spare, but we had seconds. The other notable thing about that video, and Skwod too, is how much charisma you have. Were you always a natural in front of the camera? Yeah, basically. I'm in my element. I'm doing the thing I love and I'm being able to share that with people. This summer, you got to go to Rio for a grime showcase at the British embassy. What was that like? That was amazing. I loved Rio. Just to be part of the Olympics was extra-special, again with my squad. I look forward to going again. You'd expect the British embassy to choose something more boring, like Sting... Well, I'm actually a huge Sting fan. I wouldn't call him boring, but I get what you mean. It was definitely good to bring my sound over there. So what's your plan for 2017? It's going to be filled with a lot of music, a lot of visuals. If you thought this year was the Nadia Rose takeover, you have no idea! What's your biggest ambition? I definitely need a Grammy under me belt. One at least. At the very least. To bring a Grammy back to Croydon, how would that be, eh? Nadia Rose's debut album Highly Flammable is released on 13 January by Sony/Relentless Records. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
